README.adoc, before:

= Personal Knowledge Base
:toc:

include::_attributes.adoc[]

TIP: Repository for technology knowledge sharing


== Cheatsheets for tools
. xref:tools/jq.adoc[jq]

== Linux References

. xref:os/linux/tools/README.adoc[Linux tools]


== Software Design

[cols="*"]
|===
|Area|Topic|Description

|Design Patterns
|xref:software-design/design-patterns/README.adoc[Design Patterns]
|Typical design patterns

|API Design
|xref:software-design/api-design/README.adoc[API Design]
|Restful API design


|===


== Cloud Computing

[cols="*"]
|===
|Area|Topic|Description

|Architecting
|xref:cloud/index.adoc[Cloud Architecting]
|Cloud oriented design patterns, solutions and best practices.

|Containerization
|xref:containerization/index.adoc[Container Technologies]
|Container related technologies in cloud


|===

== Virtualization
Virtualization is the creation of virtual versions of hardware, operating systems, storage devices, and other IT resources, allowing multiple systems to operate independently on a single physical machine.

- xref:virtualization/README.adoc[virtualization entry point - overview and learning]

== Monitoring & Observability

[cols="*"]
|===
|Area|Topic|Description

|Monitoring
|xref:monitoring/README.adoc[Monitoring]
| Monitoring tooling and metrics

|Observability
|xref:observability/README.adoc[What is observability?]
|overview

|Observability
|xref:observability/open-telemetry.adoc[OpenTelemetry]
|

|Column 1, row 4
|Column 2, row 4
|Column 3, row 4
|===


== DevOps
[cols="*"]
|===
|Area|Topic|Description

|Generic
|xref:DevOps/measuring-success/index.adoc[Measuring DevOps Success]
|

|CI/CD
|xref:DevOps/ci/README.adoc[CI Pipelines]
|CI Pipelines features


|Infrastructure as Code(IaC)
|xref:DevOps/iac/terraform/README.adoc[Terraform]
|Terraform related

|===


== SRE

[cols="*"]
|===
|Area|Topic|Description

|Generic
|xref:SRE/discipline/README.adoc[SRE Culture & discipline]
| SRE Basics

|===




== Product Management

[cols="*"]
|===
|Area|Topic|Description

|Platform as a product
|xref:non-technical/product-management/platform-as-a-product/README.adoc[Measuring DevOps Success]
| An approach to run internal developer platforms as a product

|Platform as a product
|xref:non-technical/product-management/platform-as-a-product/Whitepaper_ State of Platform Engineering Report.pdf[State of Platform Engineering Report]
|White paper from humanitec.com

|===

Commit message:

Added articles for design principles

README.adoc, after:

= Personal Knowledge Base
:toc:

include::_attributes.adoc[]

TIP: Repository for technology knowledge sharing


== Cheatsheets for tools
. xref:tools/jq.adoc[jq]

== Linux References

. xref:os/linux/tools/README.adoc[Linux tools]


== Software Design

[cols="*"]
|===
|Area|Topic|Description

|Design Principles
|xref:software-design/design-principles/README.adoc[Design Principles]
|design principles for Azure apps and other types of applications

|Design Patterns
|xref:software-design/design-patterns/README.adoc[Design Patterns]
|Typical design patterns

|API Design
|xref:software-design/api-design/README.adoc[API Design]
|Restful API design


|===


== Cloud Computing

[cols="*"]
|===
|Area|Topic|Description

|Architecting
|xref:cloud/index.adoc[Cloud Architecting]
|Cloud oriented design patterns, solutions and best practices.

|Containerization
|xref:containerization/index.adoc[Container Technologies]
|Container related technologies in cloud


|===

== Virtualization
Virtualization is the creation of virtual versions of hardware, operating systems, storage devices, and other IT resources, allowing multiple systems to operate independently on a single physical machine.

- xref:virtualization/README.adoc[virtualization entry point - overview and learning]

== Monitoring & Observability

[cols="*"]
|===
|Area|Topic|Description

|Monitoring
|xref:monitoring/README.adoc[Monitoring]
| Monitoring tooling and metrics

|Observability
|xref:observability/README.adoc[What is observability?]
|overview

|Observability
|xref:observability/open-telemetry.adoc[OpenTelemetry]
|

|Column 1, row 4
|Column 2, row 4
|Column 3, row 4
|===


== DevOps
[cols="*"]
|===
|Area|Topic|Description

|Generic
|xref:DevOps/measuring-success/index.adoc[Measuring DevOps Success]
|

|CI/CD
|xref:DevOps/ci/README.adoc[CI Pipelines]
|CI Pipelines features


|Infrastructure as Code(IaC)
|xref:DevOps/iac/terraform/README.adoc[Terraform]
|Terraform related

|===


== SRE

[cols="*"]
|===
|Area|Topic|Description

|Generic
|xref:SRE/discipline/README.adoc[SRE Culture & discipline]
| SRE Basics

|===




== Product Management

[cols="*"]
|===
|Area|Topic|Description

|Platform as a product
|xref:non-technical/product-management/platform-as-a-product/README.adoc[Measuring DevOps Success]
| An approach to run internal developer platforms as a product

|Platform as a product
|xref:non-technical/product-management/platform-as-a-product/Whitepaper_ State of Platform Engineering Report.pdf[State of Platform Engineering Report]
|White paper from humanitec.com

|===
